Concepts
	Implants
		items that are permenently affixed to the player
		they don't use baubles, and the player can have at many as they want.
		possibly add a render to the player for certain implants
		Maybe have a percentage of cyberization to show how machine they've become, and some effects related to it
	Experiments
		actions to be preformed by the player to progress though the research tree
		can be simple (throwing ender pearl)
		to complex and resource intensive (making prototypes)
		could result in accidental boss summoning ( =D )
	Power teirs
		Gasoline/combustion fuels
			could be used for lower teir systems, which could then easilly be converted to electric using an electric motor.
		Electric
			required for higher teirs, and anything that has computer chips
		
Research
	Feilds
		Power
			"Free"
				Solar
				Wind
				Hydroelectric
			Renew-able
				Woodgas
			Nuclear
			Coal/oil
			
		Ender Manipulation
			ender hand
			Ender inventory/storage
			teleporter???
		Cyberization
			Implants
				musculo-skeletal (armour/health)
				storage??? *mind blown*
				tools
		Mechs
			Wear-able
			Ride-able
		
		Automation
			Farming
			Crafting
		
	
Items
	Ender Hand
		powered long/infinate range access to chest, and placing of blocks
		long/infinate range block breaking, and attacking
			possibly require some sort of booster, like liquid ender
		maybe make it an implant instead?
			possibly requiring a teir 2 battery implant of some kind
	Drill/jackhammer
		Basic, gasoline/electric variations, upgradable with steel or diamond tips
	chainsaw
		Basic, gasoline/electric variations, upgradable with steel chains
	Ender inventory system
		has an in slot and an out slot and can be used to order items, and return items.
		would link through ender space to a small multiblock, that would connect to an existing storage system of any kind
			(applied energistics, refined storage, ender io, one of this mods design)
	Cryo-Pickaxe
		Hitting a block will freeze blocks directly adjacent to it, lava > obsidian, water > Ice
		Will mine relatively quickly, and obsidian VERY quickly. It's to mine obsidian without water
	
Implants
	Steel claws
		attack is always atleast iron sword strength (maybe a little less)
	Nutrient Injector
		Hunger bar is always full, and saturation slowly increases
			effect: health will regenerate slowly at all times, when full,-
			-saturation will build up and when hit health will regen quickly until saturation is depleted
		requires a nutrient juice paste
		Possibly create a dependency on the injector, if you don't eat for a long enough time you can't eat at all
		Require battery?
	Battery
		required for certain implants, charged by dock, or tesla
	flashlight eyes
		require battery
		air type light source follows player, togglable
	
	
Blocks/machines
	cable/pipe Frame
		a simple framed block that can and will contain many different pipes and electrical cabling
	Drawing table, work table, workspace
		like the research table from thaumcraft, it's where you learn more recipes and ideas
		You'd put your big book o notes into it and come up with experiments to help you learn more
		after experiments you come back and unlock what comes after.
	Wood Gas Generator
		Makes power running directly off of wood planks or logs will take a
		Potentially upgradable to Methanol by running the syn gas through a refinement process
	Gunpowder engine
		Terrible first engine ment as a reseach step, will explode if set to over 60% power.
	Steam Engine
		boil water, get steam pretty basic, but may be used to upgrade syn gas to methanol.
	Auto Farm
		Big track mounted farm that rolls over the farm and harvests, waters, and replants everything.
		No need for water blocks, doesn't take up any space inside the farm, just on the edges. and above it as it rolls over.
		optional: fertiliser.
	Ender Invetory System
		Connection point for an enderspace inventory system, would interact with any kind of storage management system to serve
		the player with the ability to place anything into their storage network, and order anything from it, from the palm of thier hand.
		requires power, and significantly more for it's initial start up.
	Ender Storage Connection
		Essentially a tesseract, requires power on atleast 1 side, would require a significant amount more for boot up than to maintain it.
	Surgical Table
		Upgradable table for adding implants, some implants requiring more upgraded tables.
	
	


